Blog: How to think about your first A/B test (why, when, and where) (#7511)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/what-is-a-product-engineer.md

The end goal of a product engineer is to ship a great product. Briefs, mockups, written reports, and presentations are not a great product. Prototyping, shipping, and experimenting are closer, and that is what product engineers focus on.

> Product engineers ideate new ways to make the product better. They then iterate on these ideas for improving the product and do it fast. This means a lot of experiments and tests. Tools like [A/B tests](/product-engineers/your-first-ab-test) and feature flags help with this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Product engineers ideate new ways to make the product better. They then iterate on these ideas for improving the product and do it fast. This means a lot of experiments and tests. Tools like [A/B tests](/product-engineers/how-to-do-ab-testing) and feature flags help with this.
```
